Dev tools guide updates (#17122)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/framework/contributing/git-commit-message-convention.md

All entries must be separated with a blank line, otherwise the lines will not be treated as separate entries.

### Squash commits

The changelog generator understands squash commits created by GitHub when merging a pull request.

> When using the _"Squash and merge"_ option, ensure the default commit title is not modified. It should contain the pull request title and its number, e.g., `Example pull request (#000)`. The changelog entries should be added as a commit description. They must follow the same rules as merge commits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the _"Squash and merge"_ option, ensure the default commit title is not modified. It should contain the pull request title and its number, for example: `Sample pull request (#000)`. The changelog entries should be added as a commit description. They must follow the same rules as merge commits.
```
